# Project simple-maze-java
A basic programmatic approach to solve the simplest maze problem by using Java.


# General Info
The application has been developed to solve the problem of a simple maze
focused on code design, simplicity, readability, reusability and extensibility.
There is no target to find the most efficient algorithm in terms of performance
and used resources.


# The Problem
A two-dimensional array of nodes represents a maze.
Each node can be maze's start or goal. 

The application will find an actor's route by inspecting
each node from start to goal in accordance with below restrictions:
- A maze can have only one start and goal, an arbitrary number
of wall nodes that cannot be used in a route and an arbitrary number
of open nodes that can be used in a route.
- The actor can inspect and move to any nodes that are North, South, East and West from 
its current node.

A maze is populated by reading a file (a sample file is provided in project's other sources).


# The Solution
- The application will find a sequence of nodes being the shortest route from start to goal.
- It will also find all available actor's routes from start to goal.


# Build and Package
## Maven
- Build and run the project by using maven commands such as 
(mvn exec:java -Dexec.mainClass="com.company.maze.App") for running. 
- An executable jar is also generated by packaging the project and its dependencies supporting
the standalone java execution.
- Build output directory is target. 
## Gradle
- Build and run the project by using gradle commands such as (gradle run) for running.
- A binary distribution file is also generated containing project's libs as well as startup scripts.
- Build output directory is build.

# Contribution
- The contribution process is going to be developed...
